Hi, I'm Tems and here are five things you don't know about
my music.
Number one is almost all of my music is freestyles.
It all came from freestyles it's just me freestyling
the whole way through. Number two is that I have cried while
making some of the songs because they were very personal to me...
maybe that was too personal (chuckles) but yeah... it's true.
My favorite city to perform? Right now I don't have a favorite city
to perform. I really want to perform in Paris, I think that might be
life-changing. So I have a song called "Free Mind" and when I was making
that song there's a sample in the beginning that is like... it sounds
like a howl? A lot of people don't know that I sang it into my laptop,
I didn't have a mic when I made that song so I put my laptop speaker
to my mouth and I sang the song sample in. What inspires me most is
the season I am in in life coupled with music that I've heard, people
that I love: Frank Ocean, Asha, Sade. Those are the people that inspire
me and help me in my process.